So if you've made it this far, you've successfully wiped and reformatted your extra USB drives for your cluster!  Which is awesome so congrats on that!  We will now be mounting our drives, so that we can then use them 😄.

**Step 1.** We will use a, you guessed it, Ansible command to pull all of our necessary information on our newly wiped and formatted drives so we can prep them for mounting:

``ansible cube -b -m shell -a "blkid -s UUID -o value /dev/{{ extra_disk }}"``

This command should give us an output that shows us our UUID's for all of our mountable drives in our cluster!  Ansible is such a handy tool to have 😄.

**Step 2.** We will now add this information to our ``/etc/ansible/hosts`` file that we edited in the previous part of this guide.  I will also use 2 command prompt instances SSH'd into the master node to do this, it makes things much easier than trying to memorize everything or copy and pasting to Notepad etc.

We will add ``disk_uuid=UUID_FOR_EACH_DISK_BY_NODE`` **Make sure you add the corresponding UUID to each line for each matching node.**

**Step 3.** We will now use Ansible to mount these drives:

- ``ansible cube -m ansible.posix.mount -a "path=/var/lib/longhorn src=UUID={{ disk_uuid }} fstype=ext4 state=mounted" -b``

If this is successful we should see something along the lines of ``"changed": true,`` in the output for each node.  

**Step 4.** We can verify that everything was successful by running our ``ansible cube -b -m shell -a "lsblk -f"`` command again and if you look at the output, the disk that we wiped/formatted should now be showing a ``MOUNTPOINT`` of ``/var/lib/longhorn`` (assuming you used the default mounting path in this guide, if you used a different mount point then make sure what you chose shows here instead).

That's it for mounting our drives!  Congrats on making it this far!  We will now move on to installing Longhorn, so saddle up 🤠.
