So, now we have our drives mounted.  It is time to introduce them to Longhorn so we can have a management system in place for our newly acquired storage devices!

**We will be carrying this out on our master node as root**

**Step 1.** We will use the ``cd`` command to return to our ``/root`` directory.  Once we are in our ``/root`` directory, we will run the following commands:

- ``helm repo add longhorn https://charts.longhorn.io``
- ``helm repo update``
- ``helm install longhorn longhorn/longhorn --namespace longhorn-system --create-namespace --version 1.3.2`` **You may need to verify that this is the newest version of longhorn for your install, you can check the installation instructions provided by longhorn by going [here](https://longhorn.io/docs/1.3.2/deploy/install/install-with-helm/)

**Step 2.** We can verify this installation was successful by running ``kubectl -n longhorn-system get pod`` It may take some time for everything to initialize, but at the end it should show that everything is ``READY`` and ``STATUS`` should show ``Running`` for all created pods.  You can actually watch the creation process by using ``watch kubectl -n longhorn-system get pod``

**Step 3.**  We can also look at the newly created services within our ``longhorn-system`` namespace to see what we will have access to by running ``kubectl get svc -n longhorn-system``  If we look at the services listed, ``longhorn-frontend`` is our web UI that we will create an external service for by assigning it it's very own LoadBalancer IP address! 

**Step 4.** We will navigate to our ``/root`` directory and creating a new directory specifically for longhorn so we can keep track of all of our deployment/service files:

- ``cd``
- ``mkdir longhorn``
- ``cd longhorn``

Within this directory we will create our service file for ingress:

- ``nano ingress-service.yaml``
- Paste in the contents of the file [here](https://github.com/jski90/raspberry_pi_k3s_cluster/blob/main/configs/longhorn/ingress-service.yaml)
- **Make sure you update your IP address in this file with an IP address that is within your MetalLB IP range that you setup earlier!**
- ``kubectl apply -f ingress-service.yaml`` **This will create our ingress service which should assign an IP to our Longhorn UI giving us web access 😄

We should have seen that our service was created from the output to our screen.  We can verify that everything was successful by using the command ``kubectl get svc -n longhorn-system``

**Step 5.** This should give us a list of all services deployed within the ``longhorn-system`` namespace, and we can see ``longhorn-ingress-lb`` service running and it now has an ``EXTERNAL-IP`` and an assigned port number!  This should mean that we can navigate to our browser, type in that IP address and port number and load up our Longhorn UI!  **Format for browser entry will be IP_ADDRESS:PORT_NUMBER**

When we are in our UI, we can click on the **Node** tab at the top, which should bring up all of our nodes.  We should see a **Readiness** status of **Ready** for all nodes as well as a **Status** indicator of **Schedulable**.  If you are seeing this, then everything has come together for our storage solution thus far!  We're not quite done yet, though 😜.

**Step 6.** While we are in our UI, and in our **Node** tab, lets adjust our **Reserved** space on our disk.  Per the [docs](https://longhorn.io/docs/1.2.3/volumes-and-nodes/node-space-usage/#whole-cluster-space-usage), the reserved space is for "The space reserved for other applications and system", but since we are using these as dedicated storage, we don't have any "other applications and system" files on them.  So we can go ahead and adjust that to ``0`` so we can free up more storage space for the things we want to use!  While on the **Node** tab, we can look to the right side and see the little "hamburger" icon.  We can click that drop down and click on **Edit node and disks**.  This will bring up a interface and we will scroll to the bottom and under **Storage Reserved** we can set it to 0 Gi (Gigabytes).  Click save, and repeat for each node.

**Step 7.** The final step in this process is to ensure our Longhorn storage class is our default, which if you have followed this guide it should be the default and only storage class.  This is precisely what we want to make sure we aren't writing anything to our OS drive.

- ``kubectl get storageclass`` **Should display ``longhorn (default)``

If this is not the case, we can run a couple commands to fix it:

- ``kubectl patch storageclass local-path -p '{"metadata": {"annotations":{"storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class":"false"}}}'``
- ``kubectl get storageclass`` **Verify that the change worked**

And that will do it for Longhorn!  Congratulations, you have setup, configured and have a working persistent storage solution for your K3S cluster!!
