So here we are getting ready to set up Docker on our K3S cluster!  If you have kept up through the entire guide, we can jump straight in!  If you're using this guide to modify your already exsiting setup, you may want to ensure that you have Docker uninstalled so that you can have a fresh start with Docker in this situation.  We will still be logged into our master node for this under our root user.  The basic install instruction for this can be found [here](apt-get install ca-certificates curl gnupg lsb-release)

**Step 1.** In the official [documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/debian/), it states to remove any previous versions of Docker that may be installed, however, if you've followed this guide you shouldn't have any Docker versions installed.  You can verify this by running ``docker --version`` which you should see an error come up that says the command doesn't exist.  **If you didn't follow this guide and are picking it up here then you will need to run the command** ``apt-get remove docker docker-engine docker.io containerd runc``. 

Since we did not have any pre-installed versions of Docker, we will run the command ``apt-get install ca-certificates curl gnupg lsb-release`` to install the pre-requisites.  

**Step 2.**  We now need to add Docker's official GPG key, which if you want to know more about what this is you can go [here](https://gnupg.org/) and it will give you an explanation.  We will run the commands:

- ``mkdir -p /etc/apt/keyrings``
- ``curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/debian/gpg | sudo gpg --dearmor -o /etc/apt/keyrings/docker.gpg``

**Step 3.** We will now use the following command to set up the repository

- ``echo \
  "deb [arch=$(dpkg --print-architecture) signed-by=/etc/apt/keyrings/docker.gpg] https://download.docker.com/linux/debian \
  $(lsb_release -cs) stable" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/docker.list > /dev/null``
  
**Step 4.**  We will now be installing Docker.  First we will upgdate our ``apt`` command by running ``apt-get update``.  After that is done, we will move into installing docker directly.  We will be using the "latest" version of Docker for this, if you have a specific version of Docker that you want to install, you'll have to go to the documentation link provided in the beginning of this portion of the walk-through and look for the **Specific version** tab under the **Install Docker Engine** section of the documentation.

- ``apt-get install docker-ce docker-ce-cli containerd.io docker-compose-plugin``

This will install Docker, containterd, and Docker Compose. 

**Step 5.** Verify the install went correctly by running ``docker run hello-world``.  This will generate a Hello message from Docker, that is essentially telling you it was properly communicating with the places it needs to communicate with.  There is some interesting suggestions and links that show up in this output as well that are worth checking out!  The basic process of what happens when you run the ``docker run hello-world`` command is that it downloads a test image and runs it in a container.  When the container runs, it prints a confirmation message and then exits.  

**Step 6.** If you're wanting to run something like OpenFaas, you may need to also run ``apt-get install binfmt-support qemu-user-static`` to make sure that everything is setup properly for it to use arm64.

So we now have Docker installed and configured!  Congrats on that 🥳!
