So, we will now install our [Docker Registry](https://docs.docker.com/registry/) for local storage.  I had looked at trying out Docker Hub, but you have to use their CLI tool which, at the time of this install, is in an "experimental" state.  I'm no expert at this, so experimental sounds scary to me 😆.  If Docker Hub seems like a better fit for you, you can go that route and their [documentation](https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/) has a solid walk through for it.  

The pros for Docker Registry also make more sense for what I'm looking for, especially since this is in a homelab environment.  This will also be the TLS enabled version using HTTPS and a self-signed certificate which is required for OpenFaaS.

**Step 1.** Let's navigate to our ``root`` directory by using the command ``cd``.  We will then make a new directory for Docker Registry ``mkdir docker-registry`` and then navigate to that directory ``cd docker-registry``.

**Step 2.** We will create our namespace for Docker Registry ``kubectl create namespace docker-registry`` and you should see an output on your screen saying that the namespace was created

**Step 3.** We now will need to create a persistent volume claim (PVC for short) that allows us to have our files saved locally within our Longhorn storage management solution we set up earlier.  If we don't have a PVC, then every time a pod reschedules, all of our data will be lost.  Which pretty much defeats the purpose of this project 😆.  I have created a template PVC that you can copy and use, I will say that you will need to pay attention to the amount of storage you allow Docker Registry to have.  If you're using a smaller USB drive, then you may not want to allow 15GB specifically for this project.  If you have a larger drive and are planning on running a lot of stuff within the registry, you may want to allocate more space.  This will be completely based on your planned use case.  The file can be found [here](https://github.com/jski90/raspberry_pi_k3s_cluster/blob/main/configs/docker/docker-registry-pvc.yaml)

Looking at the docker-registry-pvc.yaml file, we can see we are naming it **docker-registry-pvc**, which we will use to reference later and will also show up when we use ``kubectl get pvc --all-namespaces``.  You're welcome to change this to any name you see fit, just remember that further through this writeup, when we reference this name, you'll need to change the commands to match the name you choose.

**Step 4.** We now need to apply our newly created PVC ``kubectl apply -f docker-registry-pvc.yaml`` and then we will verify that everything worked properly by running ``kubectl get pvc -n docker-registry`` and showing a status of **Bound**.

**Step 5** If you have been following this writeup from the start, you should already have OpenSSL installed, you can verify this by running ``openssl version`` and it should give you an output showing which version you have installed.  If not, you'll need to run ``apt-get install openssl`` to install it.  We will now need to generate our certificate and key for OpenSSL ``openssl req -x509 -newkey rsa:4096 -sha256 -days 3650 -nodes -keyout registry.key -out registry.crt -subj "/CN=registry.cube.local" -addext "subjectAltName=DNS:registry.cube.local,DNS:*.cube.local,IP:IP_FROM_METALLB_RANGE"`` where the IP_FROM_METALLB_RANGE is an external IP address that you want to assign to Docker Registry.

**Step 6.** Now we get to utilize the power of Ansible yet again!  Without Ansible, we would need to add the Docker Registry IP that we picked in the command before to our ``/etc/hosts`` file for each node manually.  Which as you can imagine could take some time, especially if you have a large amount of nodes.  I have already created a playbook file for you to utilize in automating this process, you will need to update it with your Docker Registry IP address that you chose for it to work properly, but you should be able to save some time this way.  You can get the file [here](https://github.com/jski90/raspberry_pi_k3s_cluster/blob/main/configs/docker/docker-registry-host.yaml) and I saved this in my ``/etc/ansible`` folder so I can keep all my playbook files in a centralized location.

**Step 7.** After the previous step, you should have 2 new files in your ``docker-registry`` directory: ``registry.crt`` and ``registry.key``.  We now need to add our TLS to Kubernetes secret.  We will create a secret in our ``docker-registry`` namespace usign the 2 newly created files by using the command ``kubectl create secret tls docker-registry-tls-cert -n docker-registry --cert=registry.crt --key=registry.key``

**Step 8.** We now need to deploy our Docker Registry within our ``docker-registry`` namespace.  We can do that by creating a ``.yaml`` file, in our ``docker-registry`` directory, which I have created a template for [here](https://github.com/jski90/raspberry_pi_k3s_cluster/blob/main/configs/docker/docker-registry-deployment.yaml) 

Important things to notice in this file:

- ``replicas:`` - This means we will have 1 replica of Docker Registry running
- ``nodeSelector:`` - We are selecting worker nodes, which are the nodes we specified in our ``/etc/ansible/hosts`` file from before 
- ``containerPort:`` - Specifies which port will be exposed for this container
- ``volumeMounts:`` - Creating a PVC for our certs to the ``/var/lib/registry`` directory
- ``volumes:`` - Tethering everything together with our Longhorn PVC

**Step 9.** Apply our new deployment by using ``kubectl apply -f docker-registry-deployment.yaml`` we can either watch the deployment happen by using ``watch kubectl get deployments -n docker-registry`` or give it a minute and check the deployment by using ``kubectl get deployments -n docker-registry``.  Almost done, just a little more 😆.

**Step 10.** We now need to create an external service that will make the registry available to all nodes with a static IP address for each instance.  So we need to create another file, which I have done [here](https://github.com/jski90/raspberry_pi_k3s_cluster/blob/main/configs/docker/docker-registry-service.yaml) for you to refer to.  You will need to add the external IP for Docker Registry that is assigned for your instance.

**Step 11.** Apply the service ``kubectl apply -f docker-registry-service.yaml`` and give it a few minutes to complete.  We can run ``kubectl get svc -n docker-registry`` to see if everything worked properly, if it did you should see the IP you assigned in our service file under **EXTERNAL-IP** and the corresponding port number of **5000**.  

**Step 12.** Now we need to add the root certificate to all of our nodes, if we don't we will run into an issue where other service trying to use this will fail because the certificate will be signed by an unknown authority.  We can do this with ansible and make it speedy fast!

- ``ansible cube -b -m copy -a "src=registry.crt dest=/usr/local/share/ca-certificates/registry.crt"`` **We should see ``"changed": true,`` on each node if this worked properly**
- ``ansible cube -b -m copy -a "src=registry.key dest=/usr/local/share/ca-certificates/registry.key"`` **We should see ``"changed": true,`` on each node if this worked properly**
- ``ansible all -b -m shell -a "update-ca-certificates"`` **We should see ``1 added, 0 removed; done.`` on each node if this worked properly**

This essentially copies the certificate from the master node to all other nodes to trick the verification to think that all nodes have authority, which they do because they are OUR nodes.

**Step 12.** We now need to make K3S use our private Docker Registry.  We will navigate to ``cd /etc/rancher/k3s/`` and create a new file, which you can reference [here](https://github.com/jski90/raspberry_pi_k3s_cluster/blob/main/configs/docker/registries.yaml) and name it ``registries.yaml``.  We can use Ansible again to send this to all of our nodes:

- ``ansible cube -b -m file -a "path=/etc/rancher/k3s state=directory"`` **Make sure the directory exists on nodes**
- ``ansible cube -b -m copy -a "src=/etc/rancher/k3s/registries.yaml dest=/etc/rancher/k3s/registries.yaml"`` **Copy to all nodes**

Now we can pull Docker images and push them to our prive registry!  If you want a list of some commands you can look [here](https://docs.docker.com/registry/) and can even run through their examples to test everything out.  ``docker image ls`` is how you see what is currently in your registry.
