**Step 1.** **Make sure you are on your master node logged in as root** We will use Arkade to install OpenFaaS by running ``arkade install openfaas``.  The output from this command should show some information on how you will acquire your admin password for your gateway, **we want to take note of this information**.  Before we make use of our password, we will give the OpenFaaS gateway it's own external IP so we can access it locally.

**Step 2.** Check our services for OpenFaaS and ensure everything installed properly ``kubectl get svc -n openfaas`` we are looking for ``gateway`` and ``gateway-external`` on the output.  

**Step 3.** We will navigate to our ``/root`` directory, where have made our other directories for our other deployments, and create a new directory named **openfaas**

- ``cd``
- ``mkdir openfaas``
- ``cd openfaas``

**Step 4.** We will now create a file that creates an external service with IP for our OpenFaaS UI, I have created a file [here](https://github.com/jski90/raspberry_pi_k3s_cluster/tree/main/configs/openfaas](https://github.com/jski90/raspberry_pi_k3s_cluster/blob/main/configs/openfaas/openfaas-service.yaml) that you can reference named **openfaas-service.yaml**.  You will need to adjust the IP listed within the file to match an IP within your MetalLB IP range.

**Step 5.** Apply our new file ``kubectl apply -f openfaas-service.yaml`` and then verify everything worked ``kubectl get svc -n openfaas``.  If everything worked properly, we should now see an **EXTERNAL IP** for our **openfaas-service** line.

**Step 6.** We now will update our DNS in our ``/etc/hosts`` file on all nodes by running the command ``ansible cube -b -m lineinfile -a "path='/etc/hosts' line='OPENFAAS_IP_FROM_CONFIG openfaas openfaas.cube.local'"`` where you will need to put in your IP address from the ``openfaas-service.yaml`` file that we created in the last step.

**Step 7.** We now will update some environmental variables that allow the OpenFaaS CLI to know where the OpenFaaS URL is. 

- ``nano ~/.bash_profile`` **Creates the file .bash_profile in our root directory, we will add the next 2 lines to this file**
- ``export OPENFAAS_URL=http://openfaas.cube.local:8080``
- ``export OPENFAAS_PREFIX=registry.cube.local:5000``
- **Cntrl+X, then Y, then Enter** 
- ``reboot`` **reboot to allow the .bash_profile script to execute on start

**Step 8.** Now we need to install the OpenFaaS CLI, but we need to make sure we have git installed ``apt install git -y``.  Then, once ``git`` is done installing, we will run ``curl -sL https://cli.openfaas.com | sudo sh`` to install the OpenFaaS CLI.  There should be an output on your screen to confirm the install was successful, if you want to check for yourself at a later time, you can run ``faas-cli version``.

**Step 9.** Now we need to og into our gateway that we just setup.  Since we restarted our connection, we will need to rerun ``PASSWORD=$(kubectl get secret -n openfaas basic-auth -o jsonpath="{.data.basic-auth-password}" | base64 --decode; echo)`` to generate a new password.  Then we will run ``echo -n $PASSWORD | faas-cli login --username admin --password-stdin`` to log into our gateway.  Great success!

**Step 10.** We can now at this point log into our OpenFaaS UI by navigating to ``OPENFAAS_IP_YOU_CHOSE:8080``, we will be met with a prompt to enter our username and password credentials.  If you paid attention to the output from running the login command in the previous step, it says ``credentials saved for admin http://openfaas.cube.local:8080``.  That tells us our username is ``admin``.  Now, we just need to fetch that pesky password, which we can do by running ``echo $PASSWORD``.  We will copy that and paste it into our password section on our login screen.  Boom, we should be in our OpenFaaS UI now!

I haven't used OpenFaaS for anything complex yet, but I am planning on tinkering with it and seeing what I can do, when I create something that's worth looking at I'll come back here and add more to this directory.  
