So now we have USB boot setup on all of our nodes.  So from this point we will be selecting which OS we want to choose.  I personally chose to use the DietPi OS because it is very lightweight (aligning with our lightweight install of K3S).  

You can find the image that I used by going to the [DietPi website](https://dietpi.com/):

**Step 1.** Click **"DOWNLOAD"** at the top menu bar

**Step 2.** Selecting the hardware you will be using (Raspberry Pi for my use-case)

**Step 3.** Clicking the 64-bit image, which should prompt the download

Now we have the image downloaded you will need a program like 7zip to open it up, you will want to extract the .iso image, which  you can get [here](https://www.7-zip.org/download.html) if you don't already have it 

**Step 4.** We will now grab our USB drives and begin flashing our OS onto them for our initial boot

**Step 5.** You can use something along the lines of [balenaEtcher](https://www.balena.io/etcher/) to flash the image to your USB drives if you'd like, or you can do them individually

**Step 6.** Repeat this process for all drives you're planning on using

Once you have flashed all of your USB drives, we will be plugging them back into the computer to do some minor editing to make things a little easier for us to access everything.

**Step 7.** Now we have completed flashing our OS, we will plug the USB Drive back into our computer and open the file explorer, we will navigate to the 'dietpi.txt' file to set up our headless boot

**Step 8.** If you have never done something like this before, this can look a little intimidating.  I will post all of the settings I changed with the exact text (I'll redact IP but you'll need to use your own, anyways)

``AUTO_SETUP_TIMEZONE=`` - You'll need to change this to your local timezone, if you don't know it off the top of your head you can find a list [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones)

``AUTO_SETUP_NET_STATIC_IP=`` - This is where you will set the static IP for your nodes.  The IP you pick is completely up to you **but this must be changed on all nodes and they must all be different**

``AUTO_SETUP_NET_STATIC_MASK=`` - Static Subnet Mask, if you're on a windows machine and you don't know your current Subnet Mask there is an easy way to find it!  You'll press the Windows Key+R and type in ``cmd`` into the "Run" window.  Once the command prompt (that's what cmd stands for 😄) you will type in ``ipconfig``.  The information displayed should give you everything you need for the Subnet Mask as well as the Default Gateway. **Make sure you do not set your static IP for your device to the IP listed in ``ipconfig``!**

``AUTO_SETUP_NET_STATIC_GATEWAY=`` - See the above line for information on how to retrieve your Default Gateway

``AUTO_SETUP_NET_STATIC_DNS=`` - You can choose from many DNS providers for this, a list of some DNS providers can be found [here](https://www.lifewire.com/free-and-public-dns-servers-2626062)

``AUTO_SETUP_NET_HOSTNAME=`` - This is where you will set the hostname for your device, each device needs a different host name to avoid any conflict with K3S (unique hostname per node is required) so **make sure you have a different host name set for each node**

``UTO_SETUP_GLOBAL_PASSWORD=`` - The default will be dietpi and that will be the default password for the normal user and root user.  I keep all my passwords the same on all nodes until I get SSH setup for my PC because it makes it much easier to remember and type when loggin in and out.  Once we have SSH enabled, you could change the password to something much more complex and secure, if you'd like.

Feel free to edit the Keyboard Layout section as well to match your country, there are some examples listed in the commented out line above where you put your selection.

I also edited my country code under the WiFi country code area, even though I am keeping WiFi disabled for this install because I will be running it hard wired.  If you are running your cluster on WiFi, you will need to change some settings in this area to actually enable WiFi on boot or you won't be able to connect to your device using SSH (headless install route)

You can also take a closer look at the settings by going [here](https://github.com/MichaIng/DietPi/blob/master/dietpi.txt) and reading some of the explanations listed.  We have edited the file as much as we need to for now.  **We have to edit this file in this manner for USB drives for all nodes**

All in all, in the dietpi.txt file we are going to change some settings to help us out.  Now we will move on to editing one more file.  The file name is **cmdline.txt** and should be located in the same area as our dietpi.txt file.  

**It would be handy to keep a list of your IP addresses that you selected for your Pi's handy so we can test if they're up without having to install anything extra onto our master node**

**Step 9.** Open up cmdline.txt

**Step 10.** We will scroll all the way to the end of the file and add some information to it:

**DO NOT REPLACE THE ENTIRE LINE, WE ARE APPENDING TO THE END OF THE LINE OF TEXT AT THE END OF THE FILE**

``group_enable=cpuset cgroup_enable=memory cgroup_memory=1``

These parameters are required for Docker to function properly in our environment.

**Step 11.** We are done editing files, we can now plug our USB drives into our respective nodes.  **Make sure the power is off whenever engaging/disengaging your storage devices as it can cause corruption by removing them with the power on**.  Ensure the power is off on your Pi and plug your storage with your newly flashed OS on it, and power that sucker up!  You'll probably have to wait a few minutes per Pi for everything to boot up and get assigned an IP, but when everything is booted up you'll be able to SSH right into them.  
