Alright so at this point you should have been able to ping and receive back from each of your nodes!  If so, congrats on that, we're one step closer to getting everything done.

At this point, if you are able to ping your nodes, then it is time to SSH into each of them and start setup for our DietPi OS.  If you have never done SSH beore, it's pretty simple:

**FOR WINDOWS MACHINE**
**Step 1.** We will use our Windows+R key shortcut again and enter **cmd** into our Run window that shows up.  This will launch our command prompt

**Step 2.** We will type in the following information to our command prompt: **ssh root@IP_FOR_NODE** where IP_FOR_NODE is the IP address you selected during our config file edit.  You will be prompted to input a password, which if you left as the default will be **dietpi** (all undercase and no spaces).  Don't be alarmed if you can't see any text moving as you type, it's that way by design

**Step 3.** Let the install run, and it should reboot upon completion, which will close your SSH session.  You will need to SSH back into the node using the command above but you can still use the same command prompt window that your session was terminated in for this

**Step 4.** Once our node reboots, which we can verify with our **ping NODE_IP** command, we will SSH back into it

**Step 5.** After our node has rebooted and we have SSH'd back into it, we will be met with a screen that mentions resetting the global software password for DietPi-Software, I would recommend changing your default password at this point to something of your choosing.  This process will be repeated for the normal (dietpi) user as well as the root user

**Step 6.** The next screen after password change will mention disabling serial/UART, there is a very brief TL;DR on this screen and I would highly recommend reading it.  If you think you will use this console, then keep it enabled.  I will not be needing it so I will disable it for my install.  This can be enabled/disabled within the config after install as well, so don't fret if you make the "incorrect" choice

**Step 7.** We will now be at the DietPi-Software screen, there are plenty of options to dig through and look at here, none of which I needed to change.  There is some other software you can install at this point, if you'd like.  I chose not to, because we will be installing K3S on here so it complicates that a little bit.  Once you're done rooting around in the menus and checking everything out, head down to **Install     : Go >> Start installation for selected software** and hit enter

**Step 8.** If you chose not to add any additional software, as I did, then hit Ok to install DietPi as a minimal image

**Step 9.** Allow the installer to run the final portion of the install.  At some point in this final install portion, you will be met with a screen to Opt In or Out of an anonymous usage statistic survery.  Feel free to choose whichever option you'd like and are most comfortable with.  That marks the end of the installation and you should be met with the DietPi main screen

**Step 10.** Repeat these steps for all of your nodes
