Alright, so now we move forward to installing our K3S!  Congrats on making it this far, we've finally scratched the surface on this project 😄.  **Moving through this install, ensure you are logged in as the root user on your master node.  We use the root user to help aleviate any hiccups that might come from not being root.**  If you remember, in our previous steps, I recommended making a little "cheat sheet" of IP addresses and device names to help with logging into everything, we will be needing this cheat sheet again for this install so make sure to have it handy.

**Step 1.** Before executing these commands, make sure you take a look through them and the command description below to make sure you are inputting the correct information for your setup, such as the IP address that you want to bind your K3S install to, etc.  If you copy and paste without reading, on top of not really learning anything about this process, you run the risk of inputting the wrong IP address/device name/etc which will cause problems down the road if you haven't kept track of what you're doing.

We will use the command:
**curl -sfL https://get.k3s.io | sh -s - --write-kubeconfig-mode 644 --disable servicelb --token PUT_YOUR_PASSWORD_HERE --node-taint CriticalAddonsOnly=true:NoExecute --bind-address MASTER_NODE_IP --disable-cloud-controller --disable local-storage**

Lets discuss some of these flags that we have used in this command:

write-kubeconfig-mode 644 - This is the mode we want to use for the kubeconfig file.  It's not absolutely neccessary to use this flag, as you can see in the Quick Started Guide on the K3S page I linked before (https://docs.k3s.io/quick-start).  You can either follow along here, or use the Quick Start Guide, whichever you prefer 😄.

disable servicelb - This will disable the built in load balancer that comes with K3S.  We will be installing a load balancer of our choosing instead of using the pre-installed version that comes with K3S so we want to be sure to disable it on install.

token - This token is what we will use to connect to our master node, we want it to be a random password but make sure you remember it!

node-taint CriticalAddonsOnly=true:NoExecute - This flag will add a "taint" to our master node that essentially only allows it to be scheduled with any containers that are deemed Critical Addons.  This will prevent our master node from being overwhelmed with all of our scheduled containers and will instead only apply those containers (that aren't critical addons) to the worker nodes.  You can read more about taints here (https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) where they also give some examples of taints you can use.

bind-address - As mentioned before, this flag is used to bind our master in K3S to our master node that we have selected.  **Make sure you put the IP address for your master node in this flag value**.

disable-cloud-controller - We are going to disable the cloud controller for our application, but if you want to use it, or aren't sure you may need to use it you can check this article out to see if it fits your application (https://itnext.io/how-to-integrate-k3s-with-the-cloud-controller-36bd5020b8f7).  This article will give you a walk-through guide on installing K3S to fit your needs if you need a CCM.

disable local-storage - We will use this to disable the local storage setting for K3S because I am going to install Longhorn later to manage storage and we will also be using our other external USB sticks that we have if you followed my hardware list from before.  Longhorn will also give us a nice UI to manage/view everything we have in regards to storage, which is really nice to have.

**Step 2.** At this point you should've ran the install script above and should see **[INFO] systemd: starting k3s** on your screen!  We can verify that everything worked properly by running **kubectl get nodes** which should show your master node ready.  We will have to now run a separate install script for our worker nodes, and since we have Ansible, we can do that all from our master node!

**Step 3.** We can now run the command **ansible workers -b -m shell -a "curl -sfL https://get.k3s.io | K3S_URL=https://MASTER_NODE_IP:6443 K3S_TOKEN=YOU_PASSWORD_HERE sh -"** which will execute this command across our worker nodes.  **Make sure you put in your master node IP and the password you saved from the original K3S install command above!**  Allow the command some time to execute and once it's complete you should see a wall of yellow text and then a return to your command line.  

**Step 4.** We can verify this worked properly by running **kubectl get nodes** again.  If you are quick enough, you can watch this process happen by using **watch kubectl get nodes** to see them spin up!

That will cover the initial install of K3S, we will move into some other important parts in later documentation, so feel free to join me!
