In this portion, we will be tagging/labeling our nodes, which will come in handy for our config files later and will also allow us to separately choose between our master node and worker nodes for deployment purposes.

First we will be labeling the **kubernetes.io/role** portion of our nodes, which will give us a nice output when we use the command ``kubectl get nodes``.  To do this, follow these steps:

**Step 1.** We will run the command: ``kubectl label nodes WORKER_NODE_NAME kubernetes.io/role=worker`` for each of our nodes in our cluster.  If you can't remember all of the names, run ``kubectl get nodes`` and use that output as a reference.  **We need to run this command for each worker node and make sure you update the WORKER_NODE_NAME in each run of the command to make sure you apply it to all of them.  Verify with ``kubectl get nodes`` afterwards to ensure it is done properly.**

**Step 2.** This next label will be used for our deployments when using the ``node-type:`` selector to ensure our deployments are assigned to our worker nodes.  To do this we will run the following command: ``kubectl label nodes WORKER_NODE_NAME node-type=worker`` for each of our nodes in our cluster. **We need to run this command for each worker node and make sure you update the WORKER_NODE_NAME in each run of the command to make sure you apply it to all of them.  We can verify that this worked properly by using ``kubectl get nodes --show-labels``**

**Step 3.** The last portion of this will be adding the ``k3s.yaml`` file to the **/etc/environment** directory so that Helm and other programs know where to find it.  We can do this manually on each node by using the command: ``echo "KUBECONFIG=/etc/rancher/k3s/k3s.yaml" >> /etc/environment`` on each node OR we can use Ansible to automate this process (which is amazing 😄) by running this command: ``ansible cube -b -m lineinfile -a "path='/etc/environment' line='KUBECONFIG=/etc/rancher/k3s/k3s.yaml'"``.  If you're running the command through Ansible, you should see ``"changed": true,`` under each node which is a confirmation that a change was made.

That will do it for this portion!
