Congratulations if you've made it this far!  We have made some real progress and now we will make some more 😄.  As the title says, we will be installing and configuring a load balancer for our cluster.  If you remember, during our K3S install, we opted out of the built-in load balancer that came with K3S, so now we will install our own.  Our K3S install will come with Traefik pre-configured, if you'd like to learn more about Traefik, you can read more here (https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/) where the Traefik dev team discusses what exactly it is, and the purpose it serves.  

That's all good, but we want a separate load balancer.  This will give us external IP addresses for our services.  Especially the ones that have a nice UI that we can use our browser to access.  The load balancer I chose to use is called **MetalLB**.  If you want to read more about MetalLB you can do so here (https://metallb.universe.tf/).  MetalLB works great for our self hosted application because the baked-in solution with K3S seeks information from pre-established cloud providers.  Which is obviously not me, however, it may be you so you may need to do some searching on if this is the proper application for you.

**Step 1.** We will begin by creating a namespace for our load balancer, which we will name metallb-system, by using the command: 

``kubectl create namespace metallb-system``  

You should see a confirmation on the screen that says **namespace/metallb-system created**.  We can also verify that this was successful by running the command ``kubectl get namespaces``

We should see **metallb-system** in our namespaces list.

**Step 2.** We will now make a **metallb** directory in our /root directory for any files that we need to create and apply for metallb, this makes things much more "neat" for referencing later or if you run into a hiccup and need to address something.

- ``cd /root``
- ``mkdir metallb``

Now at this point we will be using ``kubectl apply`` to pull manifest files from github, you can choose to either pull these files and save them locally, so that you can maintain a reference, or you can choose to just apply the file straight from github if you'd like.  I'm pulling the files, applying them, and saving locally so my commands will look different if you choose not to save them locally.  I will give a reference for each command type below when the time comes. 

**If you want to save locally:**

``kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/metallb/metallb/v0.13.7/config/manifests/metallb-native.yaml | /root/metallb/metallb-native.yaml``

**If you don't want to save locally:**

``kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/metallb/metallb/v0.13.7/config/manifests/metallb-native.yaml``

If you take a look at the structure of the command, it is easy to see the difference, after the ``|`` we will choose the directory for which we want to send the saved file.  So if you're not wanting to save locally, make sure you remove that from commands in the future.

**Step 3.** Now we will create a separate config file for MetalLB so we can tell it what the range of IP's that it can hand out to our deployed applications.  I will create a separate file for this and link it here (https://github.com/jski90/raspberry_pi_k3s_cluster/blob/main/configs/metallb-config.yaml) so you can just copy and paste it if you'd like (of course updating the IP range to the range you would like to use).  Copy and paste that into Notepad (or whatever your preferred editor is on your local machine) and edit the IP range.  Copy everything again, with updated IP range, and then we will go back to our SSH session.

**Step 4.** We will use ``cd /root/metallb`` to navigate to the **metallb** directory, if you aren't already there.  We then will use ``nano metallb-config.yaml`` to create a new file in the **metallb** directory.  Paste the contents from the file we have open in Notepad.  **Ctrl+X, then Y, then Enter**.  This will save the file within our directory, you can verify this by using ``ls -l`` and it should display the file.

**Step 5.** We now need to apply this config so that MetalLB knows what IP range to use.  ``kubectl apply -f metallb-config.yaml`` should do the trick 😉.  If you decide that you want to change the IP range later, you can do so by just editing the config and re-applying it.  This config will also take care of our Level 2 Advertisement, 2 birds with one stone 😉.

**Step 6.** Verify everything is looking good: ``kubectl get pods -n metallb-system``.  On this output, we should see a **controller-** pod and **speaker-** pod(s) depending on how many master/worker nodes you have.  If you have 1 master and 3 worker nodes, you'll see 1 **controller** pod and 3 **speaker** pods.

**Step 7.** Now we need to make sure that everything is working properly!  If you remember from earlier, we discussed Traefik.  Traefik by default will ask for an external IP address so it will be what we will check to make sure our IP assignment with MetalLB, and the application of our config, is working properly:

``kubectl get svc --all-namespaces``

We should see from this output that **traefik** now has an assigned type of **LoadBalancer** and now has an external IP address!  If this isn't the case for you, make sure you go back and take a look at your config file and ensure everything is input properly.  

**Step 8.** We can verify that this is working properly by navigating to our Traefik IP address followed by the port number.  Example: **TRAEFIK_IP:PORT_NUMBER**.  If everything is working properly, we should get a blank page that displays ``404 page not found``.  This shows we have commmunication, but that there's nothing to display at the IP.  If any of this is confusing, please take a look at the Configuration section of the MetalLB docs which can be found here: (https://metallb.universe.tf/configuration/) I used this heavily to get this configured properly, so it should be of help for you if you get stuck.
